<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="concept_0d72546c-1883-4ef6-a101-7c2341136a17"><title>About BOM Parts</title><prolog><author>Reshma Mohammed</author></prolog><conbody><p>The bill of materials (BOM) is a list of formulation items required to manufacture a product. The <wintitle>BOM</wintitle> section in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/operations_app"></ph> application enables you to access a list of BOM parts or items associated with an operation within a Production Unit and consume them during production. In the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/operations_app"></ph> application, a BOM item is represented by the BOM part number. </p><p>To consume a lot during production, you must perform the following steps:<ol><li><xref href="t_access_a_BOM_Lot.dita">Access a BOM part</xref> from the existing list of BOM parts to view the consumption history. ou can use the consumption history of a BOM part within an operation to compare the required quantity with the consumed quantity of the BOM part.</li><li><xref href="t_consume_a_lot.dita">Consume a lot</xref> during production.</li><li><xref href="t_op_create_a_lot.dita">Create a lot</xref>, in case, the BOM part does not exist.</li></ol></p><p>The color of a row in the table indicates the requirement type and the consumption status of a BOM part as described in the following table.<simpletable relcolwidth="1* 1*" frame="all"><sthead><stentry>Color</stentry><stentry>Description</stentry></sthead><strow><stentry>Pink</stentry><stentry>Indicates that the BOM part is mandatory to complete an operation. When you select a mandatory BOM part, the page containing the part details and consumption history displays the <uicontrol>MANDATORY</uicontrol> label. To complete an operation, you must consume all the mandatory BOM parts in the operation.<note>The <uicontrol>BOM</uicontrol> tab in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/operations_app"></ph> application displays the quantity of mandatory BOM parts required to complete an operation when the following conditions are true:<ul><li>The required BOM parts are not consumed for an operation.</li><li>The quantity of BOM parts consumed is lesser than the required quantity of the BOM parts. </li></ul></note></stentry></strow><strow><stentry>White</stentry><stentry>Indicates that the BOM part is not mandatory to complete an operation.<note>These BOM parts are supplementary for an operation.</note></stentry></strow><strow><stentry>Blue</stentry><stentry>Indicates that the BOM part is consumed while executing an operation during production. <note>The BOM part row turns blue when the consumed quantity of the BOM part is greater than or equal to the required quantity of the BOM parts for that operation.</note>
                                                                                                    </stentry></strow></simpletable></p></conbody></concept>