<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="concept_e8b48ca2-87f6-4096-aa49-c259e307b7f2"><title>About an Activity</title><prolog><author>Sweta Bhagat</author></prolog><conbody><p>As a supervisor or an operator, you can use the Activities application in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/univ_client"></ph> to add and perform activities associated with an event in the specified duration of a shift. For each activity, you can add values for only the supported Autolog variables available in the Plant Applications Administrator. The Autolog variables are measurements or calculations attached to a given production line and product values based on an event or time. Each Autolog variable is associated with an event. </p><p>The data type defines the value entered for the Autolog variable in the Autolog sheet. When you perform an activity, you can analyze the data entered for a variable in the Quartile view or in a Whisker chart. The Activities application supports Autolog variables of the following data types.<table colsep="1" rowsep="1" frame="all"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1*" colnum="2"/><thead><row><entry>Data type</entry><entry>Description</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>Integer</entry><entry>An array of integer numbers.</entry></row><row><entry>Float</entry><entry>An array of floating-point numbers.</entry></row><row><entry>Boolean</entry><entry>A logical entity that can have two values: true and false.</entry></row><row><entry>String</entry><entry>A sequence of up to 25 characters.</entry></row><row><entry>Comment</entry><entry>A comment variable.</entry></row><row><entry>Custom</entry><entry>A user-defined data type.</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></p><p>You can perform an activity for the following types of events:<ul><li>Time-based: A time-based event is a generic term for an event that occurs at the scheduled time.</li><li>Production-based: A production-based event is a generic term for a lot or batch. It represents the output of a given production line.</li><li>User-defined: A user-defined event (UDE) is a generic, manually recorded event used to document important occurrences related to process operations.</li><li>Product change: A product change event occurs when there is a product change on a Production Unit.</li><li>Process order change: A process order change event occurs when the process order for the associated Production Unit is set to Complete in the Plant Applications Administrator. <note>You cannot add a process order change event in the Activities application. You can only filter the activities associated with this event type.</note></li></ul>For more information about the events and Autolog variables, refer to the Proficy Plant Applications Help.</p><p>You can categorize an activity as one of the types as described in the following table.<table colsep="1" rowsep="1" frame="all"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1*" colnum="2"/><thead><row><entry>Type</entry><entry>Description</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><uicontrol>Open</uicontrol></entry><entry>All activities that are yet to be performed or completed, or are in progress, are categorized as open activities. </entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>Completed</uicontrol></entry><entry>All activities that are completed or skipped are categorized as completed activities. </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></p><p>You can hover over an activity in the <wintitle>Open</wintitle> or <wintitle>Completed</wintitle> page to view the following information about the activity:<ul><li><wintitle>Time</wintitle>: Displays the time stamp when the activity was created.</li><li><uicontrol>Product</uicontrol>: Displays the product associated with the activity.</li><li><uicontrol>Equipment</uicontrol>: Displays the equipment associated with the activity.</li><li><uicontrol>Process Order</uicontrol>: Displays the process order, if available, associated with the activity.</li></ul></p><section>
            <title>About Creating an Activity</title>
            <p>When you add an event for a specific duration in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/univ_client"></ph>, the activity for that event is automatically created in the Activities application. The time stamp of a time-based event and the start and end time of a production-based and user-defined event must be within two hours of the current date and time. <note>You cannot add a Process Order Change event by using the Activities application. The activities for a Process Order Change event are automatically created in the Activities application when you complete the Process Order in the associated Display and the option to create activities is set to <uicontrol>True</uicontrol>. You configure the Display associated with a Production Unit in the Plant Applications Administrator. </note></p>
            <p>For more information, refer to the following topics:<ul><li><xref href="t_add_a_time_based_event.dita#task_adeec0b9-650f-4c5b-8621-3ee4ca7e4c31"></xref></li><li><xref href="t_add_a_production_based_event.dita#task_9d278871-8633-47d6-b35f-25881569f38e"></xref></li><li><xref href="t_add_a_user_defined_event.dita#task_a000e4af-9e58-4ce3-b64a-1d7e22ea9d4f"></xref></li><li><xref href="t_activity_add_a_product_change_event.dita#task_43a64e38-9f13-49c2-9782-eb01e0b756f1"></xref></li></ul></p>
        </section><section>
            <title>About the Plant Applications Administrator Settings</title>
            <p>In the Plant Applications Administrator, you can group variables in a Display (the Autolog sheet) and add a title for each group of variables. You can also configure the Plant Applications Administrator to create activities corresponding to the titles of variable groups. In this case, the application creates as many activities as there are titles for variable groups in the selected Autolog sheet. </p>
            <p>The activity created with an event appears in the <wintitle>Open</wintitle> page. For more information about accessing open activities, refer to the <xref href="t_access_the_open_activities.dita#task_34ec7c96-b8cd-49b0-be5f-d08d16c25255"></xref> topic.</p>
            <p>The activities are not created in the following scenarios:<ul><li>When there are no variables configured in the Display associated with an Autolog sheet or a Production Unit and the Display type is not set to custom</li><li>When the Display associated with an Autolog sheet or a Production Unit is configured to create activities with titles corresponding to the titles of variable groups, but the variable groups have the same title</li><li>When the option to create activities is set to <uicontrol>False</uicontrol> in the Display associated with an Autolog sheet or a Production Unit</li></ul></p>
            <p>If the <uicontrol>System Complete Activity On New Event</uicontrol> option in the Plant Applications Administrator is enabled for the Display and you create an activity in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/univ_client"></ph> whose product ID, process order ID, and unit ID match those of any existing activities, the existing activities are automatically set to complete. Depending on the number of such existing activities, the application might take some time to set all the activities as complete. You can then perform only the new activity that was last created.</p>
            <p>In the Plant Applications Administrator, when the status of a production-based or user-defined event associated with the activity is set to a production status that has the <uicontrol>Lock Event Data</uicontrol> option enabled, then you do not have the privilege to modify the Autolog sheet for that event.</p>
            <p>For more information about Plant Applications Administrator configurations for the Activities application, refer to the Proficy Plant Applications Help.</p>
        </section></conbody></concept>