<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="concept_bbf3e739-7944-41ae-a595-bab1a139b197"><title>User Roles</title><prolog><author>Sweta Bhagat</author></prolog><conbody><p>The following table describes the user roles for each application in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/univ_client_apphub"></ph>.<table frame="all"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1*" colnum="2"/><thead><row><entry>Application</entry><entry>User Roles Description</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>Route Management</entry><entry>Enables supervisors to create routes and define the product line, material, BOM formulation, operations, BOM items, equipment, documents, and properties used in each route.</entry></row><row><entry><ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/operations_app"></ph></entry><entry>Enables operators to consume a material lot associated with a work order, access quality variables and instruction documents associated with each operation, and access the list of bill of materials (BOM) parts associated with a lot.</entry></row><row><entry>Work Queue</entry><entry>Enables operators to view a list of operations assigned to them, add additional operations, clock on the operations, perform the operations, specify the consumption of BOM items, provide data for quality variables, and mark the operations complete. Operators can also create a defect if a part is defective, which appears in NCR Management.</entry></row><row><entry><ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/supervisor_app"></ph></entry><entry>Enables supervisors to monitor the status and progress of work orders and manage the priority of a work order if required.</entry></row><row><entry><ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/prop_def"></ph></entry><entry>Enables supervisors to create the property definitions, and then link these properties to a specific property group and property category.</entry></row><row><entry><ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/security_mgmt"></ph></entry><entry>Enables Administrators to add groups to a privilege set and provide access privileges for the users to the application associated with the privilege set and remove the groups from the privilege set when you no longer need them.</entry></row><row><entry><ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/ncm_app"></ph></entry><entry>Enables quality engineers to access the record of non-conformities raised as defects on serial numbers or material lots and decide the disposition plan for a defect.</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></p></conbody></concept>