<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="concept_73072e74-3dd0-4fbb-910d-4e81df682338"><title>Overview</title><prolog><author>Sweta Bhagat</author></prolog><conbody><p>The <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/univ_client_apphub"></ph> acts as a container of the applications for managing work orders as described in the following table.<table colsep="1" rowsep="1" frame="all"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1*" colnum="2"/><thead><row><entry>Application</entry><entry>Description</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>Route Management</entry><entry>Displays the routes used to manufacture a product. You can create routes, add operations to the route, assign BOM items, equipment, documents, and properties to the operations, and release a route for use in a work order.</entry></row><row><entry><ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/operations_app"></ph></entry><entry>Displays a list of operations associated with a work order. The application includes quality variables, instruction documents, and BOM parts associated with an operation lot.</entry></row><row><entry>Work Queue</entry><entry>Displays a list of operations that are assigned to you or clocked on by you. You can also add operations to the work queue, track the progress of completion of an operation, access reference documents, provide data for quality variables, specify consumption of BOM items, and create a defect.</entry></row><row><entry><ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/supervisor_app"></ph></entry><entry>Displays the status, progress, and priority of work orders. You can also access the work order status, history, defects, and manage the planned dates of a work order, if required.</entry></row><row><entry><ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/ncm_app"></ph></entry><entry>Displays a list of nonconformities raised as defects on serial numbers or material lots. The application includes details for each defect and enables you to select a disposition plan for each defect or access a record of the disposition plan taken on each defect. </entry></row><row><entry><ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/prop_def"></ph></entry><entry>Displays a list of property definitions tailored to the requirements of your business. The application also displays the property groups and property category to which a property definition belongs.</entry></row><row><entry><ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/security_mgmt"></ph></entry><entry>Displays a list of privilege sets available for each application in the Plant Application Universal Client. The application displays the groups added to each privilege set and the users in the group who can access the applications.  </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></p></conbody></concept>