<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="concept_c96b6bb2-f9f5-4787-b927-6212f8f65f6c"><title>About the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/ncm_app"></ph> Application</title><prolog><author>Sweta Bhagat</author></prolog><conbody><p>A non-conformance occurs when a serial number or material lot does not meet the specification or requirement of a process, system, internal policies and procedures, customer requirements, and regulatory body. The <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/ncm_app"></ph> application in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/univ_client_apphub"></ph> enables you to:<ul><li>Select a disposition action to define a detailed disposition plan.</li><li>Keep record of non-conformities and the corrective actions taken to address them.</li></ul> The non-conforming parts are in the form of a defect created in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/operations_app"></ph> application in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/univ_client_apphub"></ph>.</p><p>The <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/ncm_app"></ph> application tracks parts based on a serial number included in the defect. After an operator creates a defect on an operation for a Production Unit, the associated serial number and operation are placed on hold in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/operations_app"></ph> application, and the operators working on that associated serial number are clocked off. You can then access the defect details in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/ncm_app"></ph> application, and then select a disposition plan for the defect.</p><section>
            <title>Disposition of Defects</title>
            <p>A disposition is an action taken to resolve non-conformance. The disposition method you select for a defect in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/ncm_app"></ph> application determines the disposition plan for the defect. </p>
            <p>A disposition plan includes the disposition, a description of the corrective actions to be taken (by using an action tree), and the additional instructions to be followed to address the non-conformity. You configure a disposition action reason tree in the Plant Applications Administrator, and then you use a script file to link the disposition action reason tree for selection in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/ncm_app"></ph> application.</p>
            <p>The disposition method that you select in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/ncm_app"></ph> application is described in the following table.<table frame="all"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1*" colnum="2"/><thead><row><entry>Disposition</entry><entry>Effect</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><uicontrol>Use as is</uicontrol></entry><entry>The non-conforming part is acceptable for being used as is.</entry></row><row><entry><b>Continue to process</b></entry><entry>The non-conforming part can undergo other operations and defect can be addressed after completion of those operations.</entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>Clear</uicontrol></entry><entry>The non-conforming part does not require any corrective action and is considered as not a defect.</entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>Scrap</uicontrol></entry><entry>The non-conforming part cannot be used and should be disposed.</entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>Rework</uicontrol></entry><entry>The non-conforming part can be used after rework.</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></p>
            <p>For more information, refer to the <xref href="t_ncm_dispose_a_defect.dita#task_d4111dc2-0768-4d9c-b2d1-f2a0a4dcc4c4"></xref> topic.</p>
        </section></conbody></concept>