<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="concept_f0c530d9-7f46-4a40-93e3-9a846fb52912"><title>About Work Orders and Operations</title><prolog><author>Reshma Mohammed</author></prolog><conbody><p>A work order is a request to manufacture a certain quantity of products in a given time. The work orders are grouped by product and are assigned to a specific Production Line for manufacturing.<note>To execute a work order on a Production Unit and manufacture products on a Production Line, you must enable the Production Line to use routes in the Plant Applications Administrator. For more information, refer to the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/pa_admin_help"></ph>.</note></p><p>A work order comprises the job details and operations. An operation in a work order is an executable job performed on a Production Unit of a Production Line and consumes BOM parts to manufacture a material or product. Each operation contains quality variables that enable you to review the performance of the Production Line and Production Unit and compare the output of each Production Line or Production Unit against the projections. When all the operations and quality variables associated with a work order are completed, the status of the work order changes to Completed in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/supervisor_app"></ph> application.</p><p>The operations that appear in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/operations_app"></ph> application are imported from the Plant Applications database by using the Plant Applications Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) scheduler and import services. For more information, refer to the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/erp_guide"></ph>.</p></conbody></concept>