<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="concept_328d836f-a2e2-4b1d-9e6e-53a8865a5ca2"><title>About Clocking on an Operation</title><conbody><p>The operations are planned for execution in one or more Production Units during production; you can, however, clock on an operation only in one Production Unit.</p><p>A clock-on process on an operation locks the operation for a Production Unit. As an operator, you can clock on  an operation in the Ready status to indicate that you are ready to accept the work and perform the operation. Multiple users can clock on the same operation in a Production Unit. After you clock on an operation, the following actions take place:<ul><li>The selected operation is no longer available in the other Production Units.</li><li>A timer is enabled to monitor the time you spent on the completion of an operation. The time you spent on an operation is visible only to you. The completion time of an operation might differ from one operator to the next.</li><li>A clock-on status indicator appears for the operation. For more information, refer to the <xref href="c_op_operation_status_indicators.dita#concept_e080a994-1e5e-432d-bf24-2c503f3ca780"></xref> topic.</li></ul></p><p>You can clock on an operation either in the:<ul><li><xref href="t_op_clock_on_an_operation.dita">Operations page</xref>
                </li><li><xref href="t_op_clock_on_an_operation_using_search.dita">Search window</xref></li></ul>
        </p></conbody></concept>