<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="concept_26d7c890-3036-4dab-b75d-ee754f8397c0"><title>About Property Definitions</title><conbody><p>Properties are custom fields defined to capture the business data that the standard properties cannot. Each property is associated with a group, and, in turn, each group is mapped to a category. <note>Both property groups and categories are defined in the Plant Applications database.</note></p><p>A property definition contains the following components: <ul id="ul_303a8158-6872-47ee-8572-3c0ef6011eef"><li><b>Property Category:</b> A property category is a parent object that denotes the area of application to which the property group belongs. You can use it to organize the property groups and definitions associated with the application.</li><li><b>Property Group:</b> A property group is a collection of properties. You can use it to group fields that are commonly used so that the individual fields are automatically added in the configured applications. You can also use it to read from or write to the properties of the application. A property group does not contain links to actual property definitions; it only contains property names stored as strings unless the properties are used in the applications. </li><li><b>Property Definition:</b> A property definition denotes a field or variable name that you want to add in addition to the standard properties in the application.</li></ul></p><example>
            <title>Property definitions in the ERP and NCR Management applications</title>
            <p>The following table contains an example of the properties defined in the ERP and NCR Management applications. <table frame="none"><tgroup cols="3"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1*" colnum="2"/><colspec colname="c3" colwidth="1*" colnum="3"/><thead><row><entry>Category</entry><entry>Group</entry><entry>Property</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>ERP</entry><entry>Material Download</entry><entry>
                                    <ul><li>Material Name</li><li>Is Serialized</li><li>Code</li><li>Storage</li></ul>
                                </entry></row><row><entry>NCR Management</entry><entry>Disposition</entry><entry>
                                    <ul><li>Comment</li><li>Features</li><li>Report</li></ul>
                                </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></p>
        </example></conbody></concept>