<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="concept_fdba1e70-6e78-4c30-9f70-7316833b26d0"><title>Overview</title><prolog><author>Swathi</author></prolog><conbody><p>As a supervisor, you can use Route Management to manage routes in the Plant Applications manufacturing execution system. </p><p>A route defines the process and operations required to manufacture a product. It specifies a list of operations you must perform on the components, and the order in which you must perform these operations.</p><p>A route contains the following components:<ul><li><xref href="c_rm_about_operations.dita">Operations</xref>: An operation is the main work segment in a route. An operation is a sequence of tasks that you must perform to manufacture the product. </li><li><xref href="c_rm_about_bom.dita">Bill of materials (BOMs)</xref>: A BOM contains BOM formulations that define a list of items and the quantity of each BOM item needed to produce a product.</li><li><xref href="c_rm_about_properties.dita">Properties</xref>: A property is an additional attribute that is assigned to a route or an operation to produce a product.</li><li><xref href="c_rm_about_documents.dita">Documents</xref>: A document is a reference material used to perform an operation (for example, standard operating procedure, circuit diagram). </li></ul></p><p>Using Route Management, you can: <ul><li>Define the end-to-end workflow of using a route, which includes the sequence of operations for manufacturing a product. </li><li>Release the route for use in a work order.</li><li>Maintain the revision history of each released route.</li><li>Define the bill of material (BOM) items that are required for each operation in a route.</li><li>Link reference documents such as standard operating procedures, circuit diagrams, and other documents required to perform each operation.</li><li>Assign properties to a route or an operation, and modify their default values.</li><li>Create, copy, modify, release, archive, revise, and delete a route.</li></ul>
                </p></conbody></concept>