<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="concept_ed0dab24-32dd-4d91-8ba1-2b3a98d9a460"><title>About Privilege Sets</title><prolog><author>Reshma Mohammed</author></prolog><conbody><p>A privilege set or scope specifies the access for users to the applications in the Plant Applications Universal Client. For each application in the Plant Applications Universal Client, by default, a privilege set is available in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/security_mgmt"></ph> application.</p><p>A privilege set contains the following components:<ul><li><b>Privilege Set:</b> A parent object which denotes a specific application in the Plant Applications Universal Client. You can use it to provide access to the groups and the users associated with the groups to an application.</li><li><b>Group:</b> A collection of users and groups. You can add a group in the Security Management application to link it to a group with the same name in the supported identity provider applications. You can then assign this group to any number of applications in the Plant Applications Universal Client.</li><li><b>User:</b> An individual member registered with a supported identity provider. A user can be a member of any number of groups.</li></ul></p><example>
            <title>User allocation in the Security Management application</title>
            <p>Suppose a user, TherouC, is assigned to two groups, a_PPC_EPI_PA_SIS_AUG_SAPDeliv and a_PPC_EPI_PA_SIS_AUG_SAPPrOrd, in an identity provider application. If a_PPC_EPI_PA_SIS_AUG_SAPDeliv is added to the NCM Management privilege set and a_PPC_EPI_PA_SIS_AUG_SAPPrOrd is added to the Route Management privilege set, TherouC will have access to both NCM Management and Route Management applications.</p>
        </example></conbody></concept>