<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="concept_574d937a-1730-43b9-afb4-78e80fc4dae2"><title>About Work Orders, Operations, and Serial Numbers</title><prolog><author>Swathi</author></prolog><conbody><p>A work order is a request to manufacture a certain quantity of products in a given time. It contains information on the model, route, and quantity of a product that must be manufactured. Work orders are created in an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system, and are imported into Plant Applications.</p><p>To manufacture each type of product, a sequence of activities must be performed. Each task or a set of tasks is called an operation. Operations can be defined either in the route using the Route Management module or in the work order that you import from an ERP system.</p><p>Depending on the quantity of the product to be manufactured, serial numbers are created. </p><example>
            <title>Work Orders, Operations, and Sequence Numbers in a Motor Manufacturing Unit</title>
            <p>Suppose you want to manufacture the following motors: <ul id="ul_9d359cdb-98cc-4c44-bbac-07ef5d6ea12a"><li>3 motors of model A</li><li>2 motors of model B</li></ul></p>
            <p>The following table provides the work orders, operations, and serial numbers for the plan. <table id="table_7727d305-7cd3-4783-aaa8-0278946ea836"><tgroup cols="4"><thead><row><entry>Work Order Number</entry><entry>Work Order Description</entry><entry>Operations</entry><entry>Serial Numbers</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>W.O 1</entry><entry>To manufacture motors of model A</entry><entry>
                                    <ul id="ul_389f5aab-76de-415a-bf73-7cc567b2f8f0"><li>Shell turning</li><li>Rotor assembling</li><li>End shield assembling</li><li>Painting</li></ul>
                                </entry><entry>
                                    <ul id="ul_e7196411-2445-4192-be2d-126e8ab13401"><li>W.O.1_S1</li><li>W.O.1_S2</li><li>W.O.1_S3</li></ul>
                                </entry></row><row><entry>W.O 2</entry><entry>To manufacture motors of model B</entry><entry>
                                    <ul id="ul_e1fd7c1a-19e8-4a25-9d65-f691c833f890"><li>Shell turning</li><li>Rotor assembling</li><li>End shield assembling</li></ul>
                                </entry><entry>
                                    <ul id="ul_8a7f9ee6-cfee-4d72-a362-fe7919da4357"><li>W.O.2_S1</li><li>W.O.2_S2</li></ul>
                                </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>Suppose Operator 1 has been assigned the shell turning operation for the two types of motors. When Operator 1 logs in to the application, the following operations appear in the work queue: <table id="table_2a2f4b07-05b0-4f90-a08a-d076f218c1da"><tgroup cols="2"><thead><row><entry>Work Order Number</entry><entry>Operation</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>W.O 1</entry><entry>Shell turning</entry></row><row><entry>W.O 2</entry><entry>Shell turning</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>Operator 1 can clock on the following serial numbers.<table><tgroup cols="3"><thead><row><entry>Work Order Number</entry><entry>Operation</entry><entry>Serial Number</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>W.O 1</entry><entry>Shell turning</entry><entry>W.O.1_S1</entry></row><row><entry>W.O 1</entry><entry>Shell turning</entry><entry>W.O.1_S2</entry></row><row><entry>W.O 1</entry><entry>Shell turning</entry><entry>W.O.1_S3</entry></row><row><entry>W.O 2</entry><entry>Shell turning</entry><entry>W.O.2_S1</entry></row><row><entry>W.O 2</entry><entry>Shell turning</entry><entry>W.O.2_S2</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></p>
            <p>Suppose Operator 2 has been assigned the rotor assembling operation. When Operator 2 logs in to the application, the work queue displays the rotor assembling operation only after the shell turning operation has been completed for at least one serial number.</p>
        </example></conbody></concept>