<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="concept_76a69c0d-683c-4d1f-8361-2d91cb69e5b1"><title>About Completing an Operation</title><prolog><author>Swathi</author></prolog><conbody><p>Completing an operation involves performing the operation on all the parts (that is, jobs) as specified in the work order. To complete an operation on a part, you must perform the following tasks:<ol><li><xref href="t_wq_clock_on_serial_number.dita">Clock on the serial number</xref> associated with each part on which you want to perform the operation. You can refer to the documents that appear in the <wintitle>Documents</wintitle> section for instructions or any other reference material.</li><li><xref href="t_wq_consume_bom.dita">Specify the consumption of BOM items</xref> for each serial number. Only if all the mandatory BOM items have been consumed for all the serial numbers, you can mark the operation complete.</li><li><xref href="t_wq_provide_quality_variables_data.dita">Provide data for quality variables</xref> that have been defined for the operation in Plant Application Administrator.</li><li>If needed, <xref href="t_wq_create_defect.dita">create a defect</xref> for the serial number.</li><li><xref href="t_wq_mark_operation_complete.dita">Mark the operation complete for each serial number on which you have performed the operation</xref>.</li></ol></p><p>After all the operations in a work order are completed, the work order is marked complete in Plant Applications. You can view the completion status of the work order in <xref href="c_about_supervisor_application.dita">Order Management</xref>.</p></conbody></concept>