<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="task_867d1a48-9d9e-42ec-9b37-898ea8d533de"><title>Access the Documents</title><prolog><author>Reshma Mohammed</author></prolog><taskbody><context id="context_0d2510ef-11eb-4018-aaff-44260f509786">The <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/operations_app"></ph> application enables you to access the documents associated with a work order as a PDF file. These documents are defined while creating the work order or route. The documents can be instruction manuals and technical publications associated with the operation. As an operator, you can use the <wintitle>Documents</wintitle> section in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/operations_app"></ph> application to access, download, and print the documents. <p>The documents available in the <ph conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/univ_client_apphub"></ph> are imported using the Plant Applications Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) scheduler or from the Route Management application. </p></context><steps id="steps_yvq_p11_xw"><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/operations_app_ui"></uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Machines</uicontrol> drop-down list box, select a machine.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Open</wintitle> page appears, displaying a list of operations associated with the selected machine.</stepresult></step><step><cmd>In the <wintitle>Open</wintitle> page, select an operation. </cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Documents</wintitle> section appears, displaying the documents associated with the operation.</stepresult></step><step><cmd>Select a document in the <wintitle>General</wintitle> section to access the instruction documents defined at the route level for that operation.</cmd></step></steps><result>The instruction documents associated with the operation appears in the <wintitle>Documents</wintitle> section.</result></taskbody></task>