<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="task_e8e94348-1fa1-4f88-a22d-0cc56c87b2d9"><title>Create a Lot</title><prolog><author>Reshma Mohammed</author></prolog><taskbody><context id="context_340c05c2-ce07-4fa3-b91b-24e647e03d03">As an operator, you can create a lot in the BOM section if the lot is not available for consumption while executing an operation. </context><prereq>
            <ul><li>You must clock on an operation to consume or create a lot. </li><li>If the operation is not clocked on, the <uicontrol>SERIAL/LOT#</uicontrol> box is not enabled.</li></ul>
        </prereq><steps id="steps_yvq_p11_xw"><step><cmd>At any point while you are consuming a lot, enter the lot number of the BOM part you want to consume in the <uicontrol>SERIAL/LOT#</uicontrol> box.</cmd></step><step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>QTY TO CONSUME</uicontrol> box, enter the quantity of the BOM parts you want to consume in the operation.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Consume</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>A message appears indicating that the lot number you entered is not available in the Plant Applications database and if you want to create a lot. </stepresult></step><step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>EQUIPMENT</uicontrol> drop-down list box, select an equipment on which you want to create the lot.</cmd><info>
                    <note>A list of equipment or units appear based on your product and equipment configuration and the unit of measure (UOM) of the BOM part and the equipment. Based on these conditions, you can do one of the following: <ul><li>Select one of the equipment, if more than one equipment is available in the Plant Applications database.</li><li>By default, an equipment appears in the <uicontrol>EQUIPMENT</uicontrol> drop-down list box, if there is only one equipment available in the Plant Applications database.</li><li>Create a lot on your current equipment if there is no equipment available in the Plant Applications database that matches with these conditions. However, you can create a lot on your current equipment only when the UOMs of your equipment and BOM part matches. </li></ul>Else, an error message appears indicating that the unit of measure (UOM) of the equipment does not match with the UOM of the BOM part. To resolve this error, you can configure the product and equipment in the Plant Applications <wintitle>Admin</wintitle> page. </note>
                </info></step><step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>QTY TO CREATE</uicontrol> box, enter the quantity of the BOM parts that you want to create on the lot.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol>. </cmd></step></steps><result>A lot is created in the Plant Applications database and the quantity of BOM parts specified are consumed from the lot created.</result></taskbody></task>