<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="task_c3606276-1fa2-4a43-9b8a-1d87c9e3868a"><title>Create a Defect</title><prolog><author>Reshma Mohammed</author></prolog><taskbody><steps id="steps_yvq_p11_xw"><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/operations_app_ui"></uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Machines</uicontrol> drop-down list box, select a machine.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Open</wintitle> page appears, displaying a list of operations for the selected machine.</stepresult></step><step><cmd>In the <wintitle>Open</wintitle> page, select a clocked-on operation.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Documents</wintitle> section appears, displaying the documents associated with the operation.</stepresult></step><step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>NCM</uicontrol> tab.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>NCM</wintitle> page opens, displaying a list of defects associated with the selected operation.</stepresult></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Create Non Conformance</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Create Non Conformance</wintitle> window appears. </stepresult></step><step><cmd>In the <wintitle>Create Non Conformance</wintitle> window, specify the options as described in the following table.</cmd><info>
                <table id="table_2d2abd70-eca6-416e-aa24-1689823dce67"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1.5*" colnum="2"/><thead><row><entry>Option</entry><entry>Description</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>SUMMARY</entry><entry>Enter a summary for the defect. A value is required in this field.</entry></row><row><entry>NON-CONFORMANCE TYPE </entry><entry>Refer to the non-conformance type of the defect as Manufacture Defect. This field is read-only. </entry></row><row><entry>DEFECT TYPE</entry><entry>Select the type of defect associated with the BOM part of the operation. </entry></row><row><entry>DEFECT REASON</entry><entry>Select the reason for creating the defect in the material associated with the operation. Use the reason tree to specify the reason for the defect, and then select <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol>.<note>You must configure the defect reason tree in the Plant Applications Administrator, and then link that defect reason tree for selection in the <ph>Operations</ph> application by using a script file.</note>
                                    </entry></row><row><entry>FULL DESCRIPTION</entry><entry>Enter a detailed description of the defect in the BOM part associated with an operation. </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></info></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Submit</uicontrol>. </cmd><stepresult>A defect is created on the operation, and the operation is put on hold. The operation on hold appears in the <wintitle>On Hold</wintitle> page in the <ph>Operations</ph> application.</stepresult></step></steps><result id="result_20e2d742-b07f-4df8-8450-60298e531434">The defect appears in the NCR Management application. For more information about disposing a defect, refer to the <xref href="t_ncm_dispose_a_defect.dita#task_d4111dc2-0768-4d9c-b2d1-f2a0a4dcc4c4"></xref> topic. </result></taskbody></task>