<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd" [
]>
<task id="task_3f62dd17-9fb2-4b0e-9e91-54e965450674"><title>Create a Property Definition</title><prolog><author>Reshma Mohammed</author></prolog><taskbody><prereq id="prereq_641e4959-6c99-44ae-bceb-7eb20e78ddf8">
            <ul id="ul_75f86c44-af21-4ea4-93ca-911c65c320cb"><li>Based on the type of the property definition field, you must select the data type in the <uicontrol>DATA TYPES</uicontrol> box. For example, use the string data type for text and the integer data type for a whole number.</li><li>Ensure that a group is assigned to a category in the Plant Applications database. </li></ul>
        </prereq><steps id="steps_a0491b42-d2e5-4212-a1f5-b5169ff28bb3"><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol conref="r_conref_pa.dita#reference_9d772631-a06f-44ea-ae85-bdf4615c2e9f/prop_def_ui"></uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Property Definition</wintitle> page appears, displaying a list of properties available in the Plant Applications Universal Client.</stepresult></step><step><cmd>Enter the values as specified in the following table. </cmd><info>
                <table frame="all"><tgroup cols="2"><thead><row><entry>Box</entry><entry>Description</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>PROPERTY NAME </entry><entry>Denotes the name for the property. You must enter a value that is unique to a group. </entry></row><row><entry>ALIAS NAME</entry><entry>Enter an alias for the property.</entry></row><row><entry>DATA TYPES</entry><entry>Select a data type for the property. <note>A data type defines the format in which the data is stored and displayed in the application.</note></entry></row><row><entry>DEFAULT VALUE</entry><entry>Enter a default value for the property based on the data type. </entry></row><row><entry>REQUIRED VALUE</entry><entry>Select this check box only if you want the property to be a required value.</entry></row><row><entry>PROPERTY GROUP</entry><entry>This drop-down list box contains a list of groups defined in the Plant Applications database. You must select the group to which you want to assign the property. </entry></row><row><entry>UOM</entry><entry>This box contains a list of UOMs defined in the Plant Applications database. Select a unit of measurement (UOM) for the property. </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
                </info></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>A property definition is created. This property definition is integrated with the Route Management application.<note>To modify the property definition details, select <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol>. To create another property definition with the details of the current property definition, select <uicontrol>Copy</uicontrol>.</note></stepresult></step></steps><postreq id="postreq_930f50fe-2dd4-4c36-8ebf-d8ba381016f7"><xref href="t_rm_assign_property_group.dita">Assign a property group</xref> to a route in the Route Management application, and then <xref href="t_rm_provide_property_values.dita">provide values for the property definition</xref>.</postreq></taskbody></task>