<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="task_cb39f132-7681-4a42-9544-3179a1ab509f"><title>Link a BOM Item to an Operation</title><prolog><author>Swathi</author></prolog><taskbody><context>A bill of material (BOM) contains BOM formulations that define a list of items and the quantity of each BOM item needed to produce a product. You can link a BOM item to a <i>single</i> operation. You can link multiple BOM items to an operation.</context><prereq><ul><li>Ensure that the route is linked to the BOM formulation that is associated with the BOM items that you want to link. To do so, in the <wintitle>Edit Route</wintitle> window of the route, select the appropriate value in the <uicontrol>BOM Formulation</uicontrol> box.</li><li><xref href="t_rm_create_operation.dita#task_80b8cd76-31b3-490e-adc8-137bf3fc57e2">Create an operation in the route</xref>.</li></ul></prereq><steps id="steps_yvq_p11_xw"><step><cmd>Access the route that is linked to the operation to which you want to link a BOM item.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Edit Route</wintitle> page appears, displaying a list of operations linked to the route.</stepresult></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>BOM</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>BOM</wintitle> workspace appears, displaying a list of BOM items in the <wintitle>PRODUCT DESCRIPTION</wintitle> column. The <wintitle>SEQUENCE</wintitle>, <wintitle>PRODUCT CODE</wintitle>, <wintitle>QT PER</wintitle>, and <wintitle>UOM</wintitle> columns are populated with the sequence number of the BOM item, the product code, the quantity needed per operation, and the units of measure of the associated BOM formulation, respectively. You cannot modify these values. </stepresult></step><step><cmd>For each operation, select a value in each column as described in the following table. </cmd><info>
                                        <note>You can link a BOM item to an operation only if <uicontrol>ALL OPERATONS</uicontrol> is selected in the <wintitle>Operations</wintitle> section.</note>
                                        <table><tgroup cols="2"><thead><row><entry>Column</entry><entry>Description</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><wintitle>OPERATION</wintitle></entry><entry>Contains a list of operations that you have added to the route. Select the operation that you want to link to the BOM item. You can select just <i>one</i> of the operations. If a BOM item is already assigned to an operation, the operation does not appear in the list.</entry></row><row><entry><wintitle>MANDATORY</wintitle></entry><entry>Identifies whether the BOM item is required to perform the operation. By default, the value in this box is <uicontrol>No</uicontrol>.</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
                                </info></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd></step></steps><result>Each BOM item is linked to the selected operations.</result><postreq><xref href="t_rm_attach_document.dita">Attach a document to the route</xref>.</postreq></taskbody></task>