<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="task_dbe9d4c5-d569-4b8a-9f0b-f8efb75b69de"><title>Modify an Operation</title><shortdesc>You can modify an operation if you want to change the name, description, equipment, or sequence of the operation.</shortdesc><prolog><author>Swathi</author></prolog><taskbody><steps id="steps_yvq_p11_xw"><step><cmd>In the <wintitle>Route Management</wintitle> page, select the route containing the operation that you want to modify.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Edit Route</wintitle> page appears, displaying a list of operations in the route. </stepresult></step><step><cmd>As needed, modify values as specified in the following table.</cmd><info><table><tgroup cols="2"><thead><row><entry>Column</entry><entry>Description</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><wintitle>SEQUENCE</wintitle></entry><entry>Identifies the sequence number of the operation. By default, the value in this column is 1. If multiple operations must be performed simultaneously, provide the same sequence number. <note type="tip">When setting the sequence numbers, provide a gap in their values so that you can easily add new operations between other operations. For example, if the sequence number of the first operation is 1, set the sequence number of the second operation to 10. This allows you to add new operations between these two operations without the need to modify the sequence numbers of all the operations.</note></entry></row><row><entry><wintitle>NAME</wintitle></entry><entry>Identifies the name for the operation. Enter a unique name for the operation that does not exceed 100 characters. <note>The name must unique among all operations in the route.</note></entry></row><row><entry><wintitle>DESCRIPTION</wintitle></entry><entry>Identifies the description for the operation. Enter a description that does not exceed 1000 characters.</entry></row><row><entry><wintitle>EQUIPMENT</wintitle></entry><entry>Identifies the equipment that is used to perform the operation. You can select multiple pieces of equipment for the same operation, and you can select the same piece of equipment for multiple operations.<note type="tip">You can also select the equipment used in an operation by accessing the <wintitle>Resources</wintitle> section.</note></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></info></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd></step></steps><result>The changes made to the operation are saved.</result></taskbody></task>