<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="task_4ca1996c-e6d4-410b-94cf-808f77301279"><title>Access the Work Order History</title><prolog><author>Reshma Mohammed</author></prolog><taskbody><steps id="steps_yvq_p11_xw"><step><cmd>In the <wintitle>Order Management</wintitle> page, select a value in the <uicontrol>Line</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Released</wintitle> page appears, displaying a list of work orders associated with the selected line.</stepresult></step><step><cmd>In the respective application page, select a work order.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Current Status</wintitle> page appears, displaying the status of the lots and operations associated with the work order.</stepresult></step><step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>History</uicontrol> tab. </cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>History</wintitle> page appears, displaying the events associated with the work order in a table where the events appear in descending order of their time stamps based on the TIME STAMP field. Refer to each field in the <wintitle>History</wintitle> page as described in the following table.<table><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1.45*" colnum="2"/><thead><row><entry>Field</entry><entry>Description</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><uicontrol>ACTION</uicontrol></entry><entry>The event associated with the work order.</entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>SERIAL/LOT</uicontrol></entry><entry>The unique identifier of the lot or serial number for which the event was created.</entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>OPERATION</uicontrol></entry><entry>The name of the operation for which the event was created.</entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>USER</uicontrol></entry><entry>The name of the user who worked on the action.</entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>TIME STAMP</uicontrol></entry><entry>The time when the event was created. </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></stepresult></step></steps></taskbody></task>