<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd" [
]>
<task id="task_9f4733bb-203d-4f1d-a947-10408b2d2fcb"><title>Access the Clocked on and Clocked off Operations</title><prolog><author>Reshma Mohammed</author></prolog><taskbody><steps id="steps_2a27f061-db2b-45ac-b524-5f7e8c631923"><step><cmd>In the <wintitle>Order Management</wintitle> page, select a value in the <uicontrol>Line</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Released</wintitle> page appears, displaying a list of work orders associated with the selected line.</stepresult></step><step><cmd>In the respective application page, select a work order.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Current Status</wintitle> page appears, displaying the status of the lots and operations associated with the work order.</stepresult></step><step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Clocked on</uicontrol> tab.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Clocked on</wintitle> page appears, displaying the clock on and clock off details of the operations. Refer to each field in the <wintitle>Clocked on</wintitle> page as described in the following table.<table frame="all"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1.27*" colnum="2"/><thead><row><entry>Field</entry><entry>Description</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><uicontrol>USER(S)</uicontrol></entry><entry>The name of the user who worked on the operation. </entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>SERIAL/LOT</uicontrol></entry><entry>The unique identifier of the lot or serial number.</entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>OPERATION</uicontrol></entry><entry>The name of the operation in the clocked-on or clocked-off status.</entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>CLOCKED ON</uicontrol></entry><entry>The date and time when the operation was clocked on. This value appears in the format mm/dd hh:mm.</entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>CLOCKED OFF</uicontrol></entry><entry>The date and time when the operation was clocked off. This value appears in the format mm/dd hh:mm.</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></stepresult></step></steps></taskbody></task>