<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd" [
]>
<task id="task_8c122701-44b5-4cfc-9be1-b64e5de508a2"><title>Access the Work Order Summary</title><prolog><author>Reshma Mohammed</author></prolog><taskbody><steps id="steps_bb65a800-41fa-4ce5-a910-d8a629667842"><step><cmd>In the <wintitle>Order Management</wintitle> page, select a value in the <uicontrol>Line</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Released</wintitle> page appears, displaying a list of work orders associated with the selected line.</stepresult></step><step><cmd>In the respective application page, select a work order in the table.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Current Status</wintitle> page appears, displaying the status of the lots and operations associated with the work order.</stepresult></step><step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Summary</uicontrol> tab.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Summary</wintitle> page appears, displaying the summary of the lots and operations associated with the work order. Refer to each field in the <wintitle>Summary</wintitle> page as described in the following table.<table><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1.06*" colnum="2"/><thead><row><entry>Field</entry><entry>Description</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><uicontrol>STATUS</uicontrol></entry><entry>The status of the operation.</entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>SERIAL/LOT</uicontrol></entry><entry>The unique identifier of the lot or serial number. </entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>OPERATION</uicontrol></entry><entry>The name of the operation. </entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>STARTED TIME</uicontrol></entry><entry>The start date and time of the operation. This value appears in the format mm/dd hh:mm.</entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>COMPLETED TIME</uicontrol></entry><entry>The end date and time of the operation. This value appears in the format mm/dd hh:mm.</entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>COMPLETED BY</uicontrol></entry><entry>The name of the user who worked on the operation.</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></stepresult></step></steps></taskbody></task>