<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="task_ee9c57c6-70ed-4ed2-ac73-08cb84233964"><title>Clock On a Serial Number</title><prolog><author>Swathi</author></prolog><taskbody><context>
            <p>Before you work on an operation, you must clock on the serial numbers on which you want to work. It provides visibility to the supervisor on the progress of work for the operation in <xref href="c_about_supervisor_application.dita">Order Management</xref>.</p>
            <p>You can clock on multiple serial numbers at the same time. In addition, multiple users can clock on a single serial number.</p>
        </context><prereq>You can clock on a serial number only if it is ready or in progress (that is, already clocked on by other users). </prereq><steps id="steps_yvq_p11_xw"><step><cmd>In the <wintitle>Work Queue</wintitle> page, in the row containing the operation on which you want to begin work, select the <uicontrol>ON</uicontrol> button.</cmd><info>
                   <note>If the serial number has not been assigned to you or has not been clocked on by other users, the operation will not appear in the work queue. In that case, <xref href="c_wq_about_adding_operations_to_work_queue.dita">add the operation to the work queue</xref>. </note>
               </info><stepresult>The <wintitle>Select Serial Number(s) to Clock On</wintitle> window appears, displaying a list of serial numbers in the operation that are available.</stepresult></step><step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>EQUIPMENT</uicontrol> box, select the piece of equipment that you will use to perform the operation.</cmd></step><step><cmd>If you want to clock on all the available serial numbers, select the check box in the heading row of the table.</cmd></step><step><cmd>If you want to clock on selected serial numbers, perform one of the following steps:</cmd><choices><choice>Select the check box for each serial number that you want to clock on.</choice><choice>Search for a serial number by entering the value in the <uicontrol>Search in available serial numbers</uicontrol> box, and then select the check boxes from the filtered list that appears.</choice><choice>Scan the bar code of the serial number by selecting <!--camera icon-->.</choice></choices></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Clock On</uicontrol>.</cmd></step></steps><result>The selected serial numbers are clocked on. In the <wintitle>Work Queue</wintitle> page, the number of serial numbers that are clocked on is updated in the <wintitle>OFF/ON</wintitle> column.</result><postreq><xref href="t_wq_access_documents.dita">Access documents related to the operation</xref>.</postreq></taskbody></task>